Cucumber Testing Framework: 

why we need a testing framework: 

organizing the test scripts - annotations, @Test
pass/fail scnerio - assertions 
reports - emailable.html 
data driven testing - xml 

cons of testNG - 

technial code - and only the programmers and QA automation people can understand the code 

Cucumber - BDD - behaviour driven development 

BDD is an approach of creating test - cucumber, rspec, robot 

non-technical - manual test cases 
technical - automated code 

cucumber - 

non-technical part - feature file 
technical part - step def file - java file 

gherkin language keywords: 

Feature: defines what feature you are going to test

Scneario: any scenario 

Given the pre-requirement of the test
When action the test is going to do 
And adding with when
Then the output of the test 
But unexpected output if happens 


@Test
public void validalogin(){



}

Scenario: one test case and one test scenario

key points: 

1. sequence of the test completey depends on the sequence of the scnerio 

2. the steps or parameters for step definition are complety case sensitive 

End to end test: testing the whole application flow from beginnnign to end 

Saturday - last class of automation - july 2nd 
Sunday - will be off - july 3rd is off 

API Testing
Database Testing 





1. create  a java project 

2. create a lib folder - add all libraries - cucumber, selenium, testng

3. add all them to build path 

4. inside the src folder >> create a folder name "Features"

5. inside the src folder >> create a package named "stepDef"

6. inside src>Features> create a feature file like sample.feature

7. check if you get the template 

non-technical - feature file - sample.feature
technical - stepdef - 

given when then

@Test

Scenario: 








pass/fail scenario - assertions 


1. data driven framework
2. test suite 
3. test report 
 
Hooks - applicaple for all scenarios in all features files in automation framework - 

@Before - you need to execute code before each scnerio 
@After - close brwoser 











total scenario - 16 

hook : 

@Before -- the code that you put inside the before hook will get executed
before all 16 scnearios 

@After - will executed after all 16 scenario 


200 scenarios - 

test suite - junit test runner 

report - 

Features

testfeatures

boolean x = webelement.isdisplayed(); 

Assert.asserteuqals(x,true) ;














